# Progress Weeks 18 & 19

## Completed steps
1. Refactored the whole hub component. Now the hub handler class keeps
track of both the buyer and the android devices connecting in the same process
on different threads. Book-keeping of available devices, each with the available sensor data
and prices.
2. Added callbacks from the connection handlers back to the main hub class
to support flow messages.
3. Implemented most flow messages.
4. Completed buyer console interface for select queries.

## Current issues
1. How exactly does the querying & buying use case look like? Add identifier in the
query result for each device?
2. How to handle changes between the initial query for price info and sensor types
being outdated in the meanwhile? 
3. Does ordering of the HTLC setups on the path matter? What happens if one of the two setups
between the components fails?
4. What is the best step in the protocol to send the encrypted data to the buyer?

## Next steps
1. Go through a full run manually to see what is missing from running the full protocol.
2. Thorough testing!
3. Start writing the report.

1. Do I need synchronous rounds of updates between the 3 components or can it be split up?
2. On the AndroidHub fix the indexes of the HTLCs. They do not correspond to the one between the other 2 components.
3. Problem with batching: have to do msg analysis every
time to check which buyer/android device to forward to. Solution? Same big msg contains payments for several devices
in a batch
4. When revealing a secret, do we first update all transactions between the hub and the device, then forward it
to the client?